The President:
Hi, everybody.
For millions of Americans,
this is a special and sacred
time of year.
This week, Jewish families
gathered around the Seder table,
commemorating the Exodus from
Egypt and the triumph of faith
over oppression.
And this weekend,
Michelle, Malia,
Sasha and I will join Christians
around the world to celebrate
the Resurrection of Jesus
Christ and the hopeful promise
of Easter.
In the midst of all of
our busy and noisy lives,
these holy days afford us the
precious opportunity to slow
down and spend some
quiet moments in prayer
and reflection.
As Christians, my family and
I remember the incredible
sacrifice Jesus made for
each and every one of us --
how He took on the sins of the
world and extended the gift
of salvation.
And we recommit ourselves
to following His example
here on Earth.
To loving our Lord and Savior.
To loving our neighbors.
And to seeing in
everyone, especially
"the least of these,"
as a child of God.
Of course, those values are
at the heart not just of the
Christian faith;
but of all faiths.
From Judaism to Islam;
Hinduism to Sikhism;
there echoes a powerful call to
serve our brothers and sisters.
To keep in our hearts a deep
and abiding compassion for all.
And to treat others as we
wish to be treated ourselves.
That's the common humanity
that binds us together.
And as Americans, we're
united by something else,
too: faith in the ideals
that lie at the heart of our
founding; and the belief that,
as part of something bigger than
ourselves, we have a shared
responsibility to look out for
our fellow citizens.
So this weekend, I hope we're
all able to take a moment to
pause and reflect.
To embrace our loved ones.
To give thanks
for our blessings.
To rededicate ourselves to
interests larger than our own.
And to all the Christian
families who are celebrating the
Resurrection, Michelle and
I wish you a blessed and
joyful Easter.
God bless you.
And may God continue to bless
the United States of America.